The rules are:
There are going to be three types of dangerous items
    1. The item you get instantly kills you and you cannot continue
    2. The item you use slowly drives you mad.
        a. You become evil and win but you get the bad end. You become too powerful and kill everyone.
        b. To not get to that ending your kindness needs to remain above level 0
        c. There can be items that can help you regain your sanity
    3. There are items that hurt you each time you use them

there are three types of healing items:
    1. The type that heals you when you get physical damage
        a. this can be used 3 times
    2. The type that restores your sanity
        a. this can be used 3 times
    3. There is one item that will restore your sanity and physical health to 100 if found and used
        a. this can only be used once

there are two other kinds of items:
    1. An item that can either be used to trade once or be used to see a path
    2. The item that acts as a key that once you get to a certain room allows you to escape the cave

the game ends if:
    1. You get to a room with the needed key, you win! good ending
    2. You loose all sanity, you win! but it is a bad ending
    3. You get caught by someone and then arrested, by either having nothing to offer or killing more than 6 soldiers. You loose!
    4. You die by loosing all of your health. You loose!

you get caught if:
    1. you go in a room more than 10 times
    2. if you use an item and don't leave the next turn

the objective of the game is:
    you are a wanted fugitive that has been wrongly framed for something they didn't do.
    The only way to prove your innocence is to find someone that can only be found through passing through a cavern.
    This cavern however is populated by the strongest leaders of the four most powerful races: Orcs, Merfolk, Dwarves, Elves.
    You need to pass through this cavern without being caught and arrested or dying.

First structure:
    I need to first set up rooms for someone to be able to travel through:
        The person needs to be able to see the room they are in
        The person needs to see the rooms they can go to with the direction they need to go to, to get to those rooms
        The person needs to be able to go to different rooms
    I need a person to see items and pick up items:
        I need the person to see the items for each room accordingly, each items need to be there and its properties(healing, key, energy etc.) stated
        the person needs to be able to pick up an item
            This should be removed from the respective room item
        the person needs to be able to see their inventory
        the person needs to be able to use an item
        the person needs to be able to drop an item
    I need to be able to add to a count, each time a person enters a room:
        each time I enter (if its starting then +1 already) that room needs to have a count added
            (use a map function and then each value for the key which will be a room has a value, the amount of times they entered a room)
            (the map name should be entered)
        If the count for that specific room they enter is 10 or more then they face an attack sequence (function)
    I need two health bars for my character:
        I need a health bar that starts at 100
        I need a sanity bar that starts at 80
    I need a menu option for the character:
        When picking travel option:
            To see both options (or only one if there is only one exit) for going into other rooms
            See what room to enter with what direction they need to enter to get there
            To see how many times the user entered each place they are able to go into
        When picking item option:
            They can see what items are available and their properties
            They can pick up an item
                They can only pick up an item if their inventory is less than 10
            They can drop an item
                They can only drop an item if their inventory is more than 0
            They can use an item and a turn only happens if they use an item
        What happens when they use an item:
            Healing item increases health by 20
            Sanity item increases sanity by 10
            Madness item decreases sanity by 20
                A new game function that has a loop happens until the user picks to go to a different room
                In this loop an attack sequence is never called
                which means the user remains hidden and no one will attack them until they move to a different room
            Energy item will allow them to increase their powers and see paths to wherever they are to:
                The key if they do not have the Key
                The exit if they already have the key
                In these paths they can see the amount of turns they have already in each room
                Health decreases by 10
    What is always visible:
        Their inventory
        Their health
        Their sanity
    What happens in an attack sequence:
        A guard comes up to them is prepared to arrest them
        The options are:
            attack
                If they attack then: they skilfully and quietly can kill the guard but your sanity goes down 10
                a universal variable has a number added to it
            Trade:
                If you trade an item then you have sucessfuly bribed them
                    A new game function that has a loop happens until the user picks to go to a different room
            do nothing:
                You are arrested and the game ends
    What makes the game end:
        If you kill more than 6 guards then it is game over as you have been found out
            a kill count is used throught the entire game
        If your sanity is 0 or less than 0
        If your health is 0 or less than 0
        If you are caught and you do nothing
        You win the game if you get to the needed room and have the key
            You need to make two things true, in room true and has key true
        If the game ends there is a check, if you have no sanity or health then interesting last message pops up "Forever dead and killing. CURSED"